replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-supply-chain/why-no-findings.md

### If the scan was a diff-aware (PR/MR) scan, was the lockfile modified?

> Semgrep Supply Chain only runs in [diff-aware scans](/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform/#diff-aware-scanning) if the lockfile was modified in the PR/MR.

Author: ```suggestion
Semgrep Supply Chain only runs in [diff-aware scans](/deployment/customize-ci-jobs#set-up-diff-aware-scans) if the lockfile was modified in the PR/MR.
```
